how does this Celtic team compared to
the one when you were at Rangers I think
that seemed was a little bit more
experience they had the large and
certain they had some some top top
experienced striker this theme is maybe
in the offensive position will be
younger but with with potential and all
stocks is back now should be fit but a
little bit different type of football
team but still winning the league with
15 20 points last year playing in Europe
now the last few years beating Barcelona
not too long ago in Champions League so
it's deeply two different teams but i
think these celtic team is is is a good
compared to the other Celtic teams
through the history as well so we know
this will be a tough game and the test
for us and southing self they got a
little bit further ahead of us as a club
we would like to be in Celtics position
and that is something we will strive to
to be able to compete in Europe every
errand and sell place for the money they
sell players and hopefully by players
for the money they buy players and to be
regular in Europe that is our goal we're
not there yet and for us this tomorrow
will be a big big test and a good test
I'm sure everybody here look really
forward to this game because we play at
home we have a good team and of course
in end again we will have a chance and
we know at the very very best be very
good football team so this is a very
very good game for us to play do Sean is
is fit and he's ready to play so we will
see him and we will see him on the to be
honest it doesn't matter that much the
most important thing is for the clubs
and the teams to win than to go through
from this round regardless of who's the
coach and where they are from I'm happy
for on the dollar to to be at Celtic is
good for new asian football and I'm
happy to be here so of course I know him
I've played against him I had teams in
no way against them so we of course we
will know more about each other than
normal
in these type of games but we are not
playing you know there are two teams on
the picture will play and looking to win
both of them I'm sure it will be
fantastic for the club to be able to get
into chapters Lee it's been a long time
since the Polish team up in there and
that would be a dream for us I think the
most important thing for us is to to
play in your regular every year if it's
europa league or champions league but to
get into chapter will be fantastic we'll
be a dream now with the getting celtic
in this round of course it will be tough
but not impossible and we will do
everything we can to make sure that we
can go through but because in football
most things is possible we look at this
game's first and then then we will see
but for us to play in europe is it's
important for us to improve as a club
and get closer to SL take out at the
moment